Precourse


Mr. Cho,
After taking and completing the introduction to computer science course, I received a
level four. I believe that this is because I was determined to and had the will to do well in this
course. After being determined and willing to do great, I was able to put in the hard work and
time to achieve this goal.
The first step which I took to reach my goal was to manage my time wisely as I knew that
I wouldn’t be able to create high quality work if I was being overworked from other courses. I
constructed a schedule and planned each day and what assignments and homework I would be
completing and at what time. This allowed me to have time specifically to work on assignments
in this course. In other words I was able to become more efficient and effective.
After my time was being managed wisely to allow for me to have time to complete work
from each course, it was time to improve my work ethic. When I am studying or completing
tasks, it is very common for me to be distracted and delay my work for another time. To fix this, I
had to discipline myself to a good work ethic which would allow me to complete a task without
being distracted. The ideal work ethic I was aiming for would allow me to complete 50 minutes
of work while only needing 10 minutes of a break, whether that be catching up with friends,
watching a quick video, or going outside for a quick walk. This prevented me from burning out,
especially when working for long periods of time. This work ethic helped me to save time and
complete assignments more effectively. Another benefit of this plan was that it was easier for me
to track the amount of time I spent to complete an assignment. Doing this showed me whether
or not I was completing assignments fast enough to keep up with other courses.
Another skill I have developed which helped me in this course was researching. In this
course I noticed that there is a lot of information we need to collect through researching. Seeing
this, I knew it would be worthwhile to enhance my research skills as it would help me in many
ways other than in this course. To do this, I reached out to my peers and teachers to find out
how I can improve my research abilities. In order to improve my research, I had to follow three
simple rules; find credible sources, record data, and analyze information. These steps ensure
that the information I am recording is accurate and trustworthy. Through analyzing the
information, I was able to gain a deeper and enhanced understanding of what I was reading.
Overall, this skill helped me to understand, analyze, build knowledge, and think critically about
what I am researching.
At the end of the course, I had majorly improved three critical skills; time management,
work ethic, and researching. These three skills will help me in almost everything I do in the
future as it will guarantee that I always have the time, mindset, and research I need to complete
any task handed to me. This is how I planned and reached a level 4 in this course.
Kind regards,
Khalid Abboush
