Teamwork and problem solving

Date of Presentation: 11/16/2022
Your Name: Khalid
Name of Team Members: Arnav Pal, Yusuf Jamal
TASK: Please complete the following questionnaire individually and submit it inside assignments
(brightspace).
Part A
1) Describe the work distribution between your members throughout the project (use % of each
member)
The work distribution was equally divided (6 steps, each person got 2 steps). Although, the amount of
work and effort put into the presentation and practicing the presentation was unequally distributed.
Khalid - 40%
Arnav - 40%
Yusuf - 20%
2) How did you solve problems or difficulties along the way of working on the project? Be specific in
the details of problem solving.
When we started the presentation, we found a challenge in terms of what type of presentation we were
going to make as it needed to be a heavily interactive presentation. We discussed for a long time about
what type of presentation we would like to make. While doing so, we were also researching our specific
topics which were (Stepwise refinement, Divide and conquer, Working backwards, Extreme cases,
Tables and charts, and Trial and error). After discussing our different options, we came to a conclusion
that we would use google slides and add a pear deck interactive add-on. We created the google slides
and finished the presentation, after finishing, we created the questions and implemented them into our
presentation.
Part B
1) How have you communicated about the status of your project between each other? Were there
any software/applications used? Was it verbal?
We communicated through several platforms (Discord, Instagram), and we also communicated
through our in-class time. We would communicate about the status of where we were at in terms of the
presentation.
2) Of what was described in question in Part B1, how did you keep the accountability of the progress
in the project?
In order to check the progress of my group, we would go through the presentation and our
research to make sure that everyone and everything was up to date. We would do this both online
(on Discord, and Instagram), and in-person during class time.
3) During the project if Mr.Cho asked about where you are in the progress of the project, what would
you have shared?
If Mr. Cho was to ask about our progress, I would share my current research and presentation slides at
the time and explain how much I have completed, and how much is left to complete. This would show
how much I have completed in the presentation so far, and how much more work is required for me to
complete the entire presentation including the interactive element.
